README.md, before:

# Surume-Repo
Unofficial VCC Repository

## How to add this repository
First, Prepare VPM CLI Tool -> [Document](https://vcc.docs.vrchat.com/vpm/cli/)  
Type this command in Terminal(ex. Command prompt)
```
vpm add repo http://surumeika1987.xyz/repo
```

## How to remove repository
```
vpm remove repos
```

## Packages

| Name | Latest version | Link | Original vpm package |
| ------------ | ------------- | --- | --- |
| lilToon | 1.3.7 | [github](https://github.com/lilxyzw/lilToon) | YES |
| Unlit_WF_ShaderSuite | 2022.9.23 | [github](https://github.com/whiteflare/Unlit_WF_ShaderSuite/releases) | NO |
| Radial Inventory System V4 | 4.5.1 | [booth](https://booth.pm/ja/items/2278448) | YES |
| Sunao Shader | 1.6.2 | [booth](https://booth.pm/ja/items/1723985) | NO |
| Modular Avater | 1.4.5 | [github](https://github.com/bdunderscore/modular-avatar) | YES |
| PoiyomiToonShader | 8.1.162 | [github](https://github.com/poiyomi/PoiyomiToonShader) | NO |

## What is "Original vpm package"?
VPM packages released by the distributor  
If No, the repository manager converted the UPM package to a VPM package

## Package Licenses
Please see Licenses folder

## Want to add your package?
Please contact me [Twitter](https://twitter.com/surumeika_vr)

## License
This repository is under [MIT license](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/MIT_License)

Commit message:

DEL: lilToon, Modular Avatar, RISv4 Add: RepositoryList

README.md, after:

# Surume-Repo
Unofficial VCC Repository

## This is Unofficail repository.
You can also check other repositorys. [List](/RepositoryList.md)

## How to add this repository
Update Creator Companion to the latest version.  
Then click [Here](http://surumeika1987.xyz/add)  
Or `Open Setting -> Packages -> Add Repository` in the VCC window and add `http://surumeika1987.xyz/repo`

## Packages

| Name | Latest version | Link | Original vpm package |
| ------------ | ------------- | --- | --- |
| Unlit_WF_ShaderSuite | 2022.9.23 | [github](https://github.com/whiteflare/Unlit_WF_ShaderSuite/releases) | NO |
| Sunao Shader | 1.6.2 | [booth](https://booth.pm/ja/items/1723985) | NO |
| PoiyomiToonShader | 8.1.162 | [github](https://github.com/poiyomi/PoiyomiToonShader) | NO |

## What is "Original vpm package"?
VPM packages released by the distributor  
If No, the repository manager converted the UPM package to a VPM package

## Package Licenses
Please see Licenses folder

## Want to add your package?
Please contact me [Twitter](https://twitter.com/surumeika_vr)

## License
This repository is under [MIT license](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/MIT_License)
